hey guys josh from soccer reviews 4
u.com bringing you an unboxing video for
the puma be 111 SL I have the green
color here guys box out of the way
here's the bag they come in it's got a
green Puma I like the shoes ooh prequel
bag a little bit different from the Nike
string bag they are guys it's a very
interesting green color it's it's kind
of a lime green but a little bit darker
it's actually it's pretty cool looking
actually this is the second SL shoe that
boom is made this is a you've probably
seen the v110 SL unboxing I did and I
also reviewed that shoe on the website
guys this is a new one so I'm assuming
they fixed any of the problems they had
the durability in the old one like the
spikes spikes more down really easy so
hopefully these problems are fixed with
this one guys suede heel liner for what
this shoe ways it's a lot more
comfortable than the addy zeros and it
weighs the same for the full review
click the link in the description to
soccer reviews for you calm on the
review should be up in about a week guys
so keep checking back to go see that and
there'll be high quality pictures on
there as well if you click on the review
that don't really give you a better idea
of what the issues look like in person
make sure you guys will like my facebook
page guys on this always giveaways that
any of the latest updates i have they'll
be posted on there if you check your
facebook more often make sure guys
comment rate and subscribe and any
questions you have i'll be happy to
answer them in the comments guys thanks
for watching